in Vladivostok
East what is translated from the Russian people
it means
your portal
main outpost of the Russian Federation
for countries
famous made on which was
bet 5
city ​​council district and what
duty restrictions it is this market
supplied right hand drive cars
foreign cars all Russians
in this city, the right wheel even in service
vintage car cabinets so
it is possible got up
yes you can not win the love of the local
residents to provocations Japanese women
funicular
in 1955, Valentin Sergeevich Khrushchev
visited the hospital
returning with age returned to
and he put forward the slogan will make Vladivostok
with the beginning of san francisco right there
positions of all kinds of construction
and the first one is 5 times
creation from this has not yet done so
besides the same year
shut the tram wall
behind the process
let's see it turned out wrong
i can't speak early
disease Alena Leonova
to Italy
implementation of this project
all because we have
Vladivostok we offer you
sent aboard detected
Vladivostok fortress
the royal time of fasting was just absolutely
closed territory over the Soviet
at times
and like this investigation
a weapon that he could 45 minutes reflects everything
depart the crowds
military is so bright country Russian
coastal artillery
secondly i have a good question
these monuments held on
Viktor Petrovich
such question
without firing a shot
Voroshilov battery scared
Japanese fleet
rink that question
yes about cancellation made it the best way
ships pass above the roof
naturally above knowing 160 8 8212
it's hard to understand at all
because every such time
per month
fifty new clothes
two serving their tea
a resident of Astana